doc: ncs-provision: Update documentation for west KMU provisioning (#20572)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf54l/kmu_provision.rst

Prerequisites
*************

> First, ensure that the ``nrfutil`` tool is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, ensure that the `nRF Util`_ tool is installed.
```

It should install automatically during the setup of the |NCS| working environment.

> Install required additional commands for nrfutil:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once completed, install the required additional commands for nRF Util:
```

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

    west ncs-provision upload -s nrf54l15 -k ed25519.pem -k ed25519-1.pem -k ed25519-2.pem --keyname UROT_PUBKEY

* Parameter ``-s (-–soc)`` specifies the target device.

* Parameter ``-k (-–key)`` specifies the private key PEM files to be provisioned to the SoC.
  You can specify up to three keys.

* Parameter ``--keyname`` specifies the key name for which the key PEM files will be uploaded.

* Parameter ``--dev-id`` specifies the interface serial number and should be used if multiple J-link interfaces are connected to the development machine.

* Parameter ``-p (--policy)`` specifies the policy applied to the given set of keys.
  You can apply the following options:

      * ``lock-last`` - Uploads the last key as locked, while the preceding keys are revocable. This option is set by default.
      * ``revokable`` - Enables revocation for each key.
      * ``lock`` - Sets all keys to be permanent.

> * Parameter ``--build-dir`` specifies the path to a directory where a JSON file for nrfutil tool will be created. If it is not provided than the temporary directory will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Parameter ``--build-dir`` specifies the path to a directory where a JSON file for nRF Util tool will be created. 
  If this parameter is not provided, a temporary directory will be used instead.
```

> * Parameter ``-i (--input)`` specifies path to a YAML file containing one or multiple key definitions which will be uploaded. It can be used to replace other parameters by the file.
> 
>   The YAML file should look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Parameter ``-i (--input)`` specifies path to a YAML file that contains one or more key definitions intended for upload. 
  This file can serve as a substitute for other parameters.

  The YAML file should look as follows:
```

   .. code-block:: YAML

      - keyname: UROT_PUBKEY
          keys: ["/path/private-key1.pem", "/path/private-key2.pem"]
          policy: lock
      - keyname: APP_PUBKEY
          keys: ["/path/private-key3.pem", "/path/private-key4.pem"]
          policy: lock

> * Parameter ``--dry-run`` specifies that command should generate a keyfile for nrfutil without executing the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Parameter ``--dry-run`` specifies that a command should generate a keyfile for nRF Util without actually executing the command.
```
